Already.
So we inserted 500 users it was kind of a behemoth of a section to get there.
Lots of ground to cover.
But now that we're there are back in our comfort zone hopefully we're going to have a couple of exercises.
I know we have a lot of them but this is cool.
We have a lot of data now where it was you know a single you hit the return key once and you got 500
users.
Much easier than having to copy and paste like 20 books.
So we're going to play around with them.
And again your data is randomized just like mine.
So your tables and your results will look different but the queries will work the same.
So here's the first thing.
Find the earliest date that a user joined and all we need to see is the date.
And also notice how I formatted it.
Pay attention to that.
It's just the earliest date and then the next problem find the email of the earliest user.
Now this one's tricky.
Remember how I talked about this with min and max way back a couple I don't know five six hours ago
about how when you use min and max you do just get the min you don't get the row itself.
So we had to use a set query.
So the hint is use this query to find the email that corresponds to the earliest user.
Then take all the users and I want to see a table where we have a month name and then the number of
users joined who joined in that month.
So it doesn't matter what year we have some 20 16 some 20 17 most likely.
So we're not grouping by that just by the month.
So you have to figure out how you extract the month name from the date and then go from there.
Also notice the order count the number of e-mails or the number of users with Yahoo emails and the way
that you can determine that it's just if their email ends with AT yahoo DOT com.
So how do you do that.
Count them all.
And then finally calculate the total number of users for each email host and this one's a little bit
complicated because you're basically going to be doing four different checks or to say all right does
that email end with Gmail.
Does it end with Yahoo.
Does it end with hotmail and then you need to calculate how many each end with these.
So it's a little bit complicated.
That's why I left it for last.
Hopefully you're able to get it.
If not solutions coming up next video.
Just remember your data is going to look different.
Don't panic if your numbers are different.
All right.
I'll see you with a solution.